Update version-notifications.mdx (#306)
launchdarkly/LaunchDarkly-Docs: src/content/topics/sdk/concepts/version-notifications.mdx

</CodeTabItem>
</CodeTabs>

## Getting notifications in the LaunchDarkly web application

> Within the LaunchDarkly application, you'll automatically receive notifications when SDK versions are nearing end of life (one month prior) and again when they are past end of life. The notifications are based on SDK usage within each LaunchDarkly environment. See the full list of [LaunchDarkly's supported SDK versions](/sdk/concepts/versioning#supported-versions). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the LaunchDarkly application, you'll automatically receive notifications when SDK versions are nearing end of life (one month prior) and again when they are past end of life. The notifications are based on SDK usage within each LaunchDarkly environment. To learn more, read the full list of [LaunchDarkly's supported SDK versions](/sdk/concepts/versioning#supported-versions). 
```

> Within the LaunchDarkly application, you'll automatically receive notifications when SDK versions are nearing end of life (one month prior) and again when they are past end of life. The notifications are based on SDK usage within each LaunchDarkly environment. See the full list of [LaunchDarkly's supported SDK versions](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/sdk/concepts/versioning#supported-versions). 

Reviewer 2: Minor URL change so that the link works correctly on our staging docs site too.

```suggestion
Within the LaunchDarkly application, you'll automatically receive notifications when SDK versions are nearing end of life (one month prior) and again when they are past end of life. The notifications are based on SDK usage within each LaunchDarkly environment. See the full list of [LaunchDarkly's supported SDK versions](/sdk/concepts/versioning#supported-versions). 
```

> Within the LaunchDarkly application, you'll automatically receive notifications when SDK versions are nearing end of life (one month prior) and again when they are past end of life. The notifications are based on SDK usage within each LaunchDarkly environment. See the full list of [LaunchDarkly's supported SDK versions](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/sdk/concepts/versioning#supported-versions). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Within the LaunchDarkly application, you'll automatically receive notifications when SDK versions are nearing end of life (one month prior) and again when they are past end of life. The notifications are based on SDK usage within each LaunchDarkly environment. To learn more, read the full list of [LaunchDarkly's supported SDK versions](/sdk/concepts/versioning#supported-versions). 
```

![SDK version notifications.](sdk-concepts-version-notifications.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 4: nit: is there a reason for this additional newline? If not I rather this be cleaned up please, thank you.
